# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
This is a repository for my Software Development Lifecycle class at Southern New Hampshire University

In my readme for this class, I am to answer a couple questions.

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
During my time at SNHU and throughout my experiences with software developments I have learned several strategies for interpreting user needs and implementing them into a program. The first and most important to me is Brainstorming, this helps me get into the mind of the user and ask myself important questions. What does this program need to do to work as envisioned? What exactly should the user do and experience when using this program. I use notes, cards, and UML diagrams to plan it all out. Then I begin breaking it down. Every system is made of many parts so I break the system down into those individual parts. Often, I find that the scope of these parts is still too wide, so I organize them, similar to the Product Backlog, by which is most important. Then, I choose the most important and begin to break that down further. I suppose this would not be unlike the "user stories" phase. I take the section or feature I want to implement and begin working out the exact details of how I can make it happen, as well as the criteria and method for testing that feature. Finally I involve pseudocode to plot out how the code should be organized and written. I research any methods, functions, or frameworks I may need and then finally I code them. That is my process for interpreting user needs and implementing them into a program.

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
While I just described my system for developing programs I can speak further on how I intend to incorporate Agile processes into my future development work. For starters, coming into this course, I sort of already followed the Agile process in my work without realizing it. To me much of the Agile system was common sense as the best and most efficient way to do things. I never planned the entire thing out beforehand and stuck to that without budging. My process has always been flexible as agile promotes. In the future I will be using a backlog for my development process. This will keep me on track coding what is most important and not what is most fun or convenient. I also really enjoy the idea of user stories and the format we used during this course. It will help me organize and document features better and have a more refined list of testing goals.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
I think being a good team member is doing whatever you can to help your team succeed. That may take on many different iterations. In some cases, it means taking a role you may not be comfortable with that is sorely needed by your team. In others, it may mean taking on work that you are not confident in completing. A good team member communicates well and responds promptly to their teammates. A good team member is open about their process, their progress, their lack of progress, and in general their work. 
